add ko community meeting details (#938)
ko-build/ko: docs/community.md

# Community

## Meetings

We have a bi-weekly community meeting on [Wednesday @ 6:00pm UTC time](https://dateful.com/eventlink/2793571750). The main goal of these meetings is that we want to hear from you! We want to know what you're using `ko` for, what you'd like to see in `ko`, how we can make `ko` better for you. With any remaining time we can go through open issues and PRs.

> We have a [meeting agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eQ67Qxwf1tkTv0yU_dw9bIRnlwJZz-5GXCRVOhqbgvU/edit) you can use to propose topics for discussion/ideas. You can also just show up and we'll figure out what to talk about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a [meeting agenda](https://ko.build/agenda) you can use to propose topics for discussion/ideas. You can also just show up and we'll figure out what to talk about.
```

Also link https://ko.build/meet

Author: cool!

## Slack

> Come discuss `ko` with us in the `#ko-build` channel on the [Kubernetes Slack](https://slack.k8s.io)!

Reviewer: https://ko.build/slack

Author: thx.
